com.miui.virtualsim/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService ss
org.adaway/androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.SystemAlarmService 3s
com.wandoujia.eyepetizer/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.producthuntmobile/com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceIdService 3s
com.miui.miuibbs/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMJobService 3s
com.miui.miuibbs/com.xiaomi.mipush.sdk.PushMessageHandler 3s
com.miui.miuibbs/com.xiaomi.mipush.sdk.MessageHandleService 3s
com.miui.miuibbs/com.xiaomi.push.service.receivers.NetworkStatusReceiver 3r
com.miui.miuibbs/com.xiaomi.push.service.receivers.PingReceiver 3r
video.vue.android/com.google.android.gms.analytics.CampaignTrackingService 3s
video.vue.android/com.google.android.gms.analytics.AnalyticsService 3s
video.vue.android/com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurementService 3s
video.vue.android/com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurementJobService 3s
video.vue.android/androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.SystemAlarmService 3s
video.vue.android/androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.RescheduleReceiver 3r
video.vue.android/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.shanbay.words/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.shanbay.words/com.xiaomi.push.service.receivers.PingReceiver 3r
com.shanbay.words/com.shanbay.words.push.MiPushBroadcastReceiver 3r
com.tencent.qqlive/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.duokan.phone.remotecontroller/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.duokan.phone.remotecontroller/com.xiaomi.push.service.receivers.NetworkStatusReceiver 3r
com.duokan.phone.remotecontroller/com.xiaomi.push.service.receivers.PingReceiver 3r
com.duokan.phone.remotecontroller/com.xiaomi.mitv.phone.remotecontroller.push.RcPushMessageReceiver 3r
org.thunderdog.challegram/androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.RescheduleReceiver 3r
com.shouzhang.com/com.shouzhang.com.common.receiver.AppReceiver 3r
com.shouzhang.com/com.taobao.accs.EventReceiver 3r
com.dropbox.android/com.evernote.android.job.gcm.PlatformGcmService 3s
com.dropbox.android/com.dropbox.android.service.DropboxNetworkReceiver 3r
com.dropbox.android/com.dropbox.android.shortcuts.CreateFileShortcutActivity 3a
net.luoo.LuooFM/cn.jpush.android.service.PushReceiver 3r
com.google.android.apps.maps/com.google.android.apps.gmm.ugc.phototaken.StartPhotoTakenNotifierServiceReceiver 3r
com.mobisystems.editor.office_registered/com.mobisystems.office.search.FileSearchProvider 3p
com.mobisystems.editor.office_registered/com.dropbox.client2.android.AuthActivity 3a
com.mobisystems.editor.office_registered/com.mobisystems.office.io.NetworkChangeReceiver 3r
com.grarak.kerneladiutor/com.grarak.kerneladiutor.activities.StartActivityMaterial 3a
com.xiaomi.channel/com.mi.milink.sdk.receiver.AlarmReceiver 3r
com.microsoft.office.word/com.microsoft.android.crosssell.activities.PowerpointCrossSellHandlerActivity 3a
com.microsoft.office.word/com.microsoft.android.crosssell.activities.ExcelCrossSellHandlerActivity 3a
org.fdroid.fdroid/org.fdroid.fdroid.receiver.WifiStateChangeReceiver 3r
com.xiaomi.mimobile/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.xiaomi.mimobile/com.xiaomi.push.service.receivers.NetworkStatusReceiver 3r
com.xiaomi.mimobile/com.xiaomi.push.service.receivers.PingReceiver 3r
cn.ikicker.moviefans/com.qq.e.ads.ADActivity 3a
cn.ikicker.moviefans/com.qq.e.ads.PortraitADActivity 3a
cn.ikicker.moviefans/com.qq.e.ads.LandscapeADActivity 3a
cn.ikicker.moviefans/com.google.android.gms.ads.AdActivity 3a
com.mipay.wallet/com.mipay.bill.BillReceiver sr
com.mipay.wallet/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService ss
com.mipay.wallet/com.mipay.push.MipayPushMessageReceiver sr
com.mipay.wallet/com.mipay.identity.provider.SdkIdentityProvider sp
com.mipay.wallet/com.mipay.common.job.MipayJobService ss
com.mipay.wallet/androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.SystemAlarmService ss
com.ktls.fileinfo/com.ktls.fileinfo.receiver.UserPresentReceiver 3r
com.cloudpower.netsale.activity/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.solohsu.android.edxp.manager/de.robv.android.xposed.installer.WelcomeActivitystaol 3a
com.solohsu.android.edxp.manager/de.robv.android.xposed.installer.WelcomeActivityrovoold 3a
com.solohsu.android.edxp.manager/de.robv.android.xposed.installer.WelcomeActivityrovo 3a
com.solohsu.android.edxp.manager/de.robv.android.xposed.installer.WelcomeActivitydvdandroid 3a
ru.ABUUbVKx.vGoRPcrtE/com.google.android.finsky.services.LicensingService 3s
com.kingsoft/com.kingsoft.receiver.StartSelfReceiver 3r
com.kingsoft/com.igexin.sdk.PushReceiver 3r
cn.com.cmbc.newmbank/com.huawei.hms.support.api.push.PushEventReceiver 3r
cn.com.cmbc.newmbank/com.igexin.sdk.PushReceiver 3r
com.aide.ui/com.appfour.common.gcm.GcmUserPresentBroadcastReceiver 3r
com.aide.ui/com.aide.ui.UserPresentBroadcastReceiver 3r
com.xiaomi.shop/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.xiaomi.shop/com.xiaomi.shop2.ShopPushMessageReceiver 3r
com.xiaomi.shop/com.xiaomi.push.service.receivers.NetworkStatusReceiver 3r
com.xiaomi.shop/com.xiaomi.push.service.receivers.PingReceiver 3r
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.ads.AdRequestBrokerService 3s
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.ads.social.GcmSchedulerWakeupService 3s
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.ads.settings.AdsSettingsActivity 3a
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.ads.identifier.service.AdvertisingIdService 3s
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.ads.identifier.service.AdvertisingIdNotificationService 3s
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.auth.uiflows.addaccount.DmDownloadInstallActivity 3a
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.auth.uiflows.addaccount.GoogleServicesActivity 3a
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.auth.account.authenticator.WorkAccountAuthenticatorService 3s
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.auth.account.be.channelid.ChannelBindingStateIntentService 3s
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.backup.component.EmmRestoreFlowActivity 3a
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.backup.component.D2dMigrateHelperService 3s
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.backup.component.BackupOptInActivity 3a
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.backup.component.EncryptionPasswordEntryActivity 3a
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.car.CarHomeActivity1 3a
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.car.CarHomeActivity2 3a
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.carsetup.DrivingModeSettingsActivity 3a
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.carsetup.DrivingModeSettingsNoSummaryActivity 3a
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.carsetup.DrivingModeFrxActivity 3a
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.carsetup.DrivingModeProvider 3p
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.gconnect.ui.ConnectionWizardActivity 3a
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.gconnect.ui.PhoneNumberTosActivity 3a
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.gconnect.ui.SmsEntryActivity 3a
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.gconnect.ui.ConnectionCompletionActivity 3a
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.gconnect.ui.ErrorActivity 3a
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.location.util.LocationAccuracyInjectorService 3s
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.location.settings.DrivingActivity 3a
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.location.settings.DrivingConditionProvider 3s
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.matchstick.ui.BMMRegistrationActivity 3a
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.netrec.scoring.receiver.ScoreNetworksBroadcastReceiver 3r
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.ocr.SecuredCreditCardOcrActivity 3a
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.ocr.CardCaptureActivity 3a
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.ocr.GiftCardOcrActivity 3a
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.phenotype.service.sync.PhenotypeConfigurator 3s
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.semanticlocation.settings.FrequentLocationsSettingsActivity 3a
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.semanticlocation.settings.FrequentLocationsVisitsActivity 3a
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.semanticlocation.settings.FrequentLocationsSettingInjectorService 3s
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.thunderbird.config.EmergencyConfigContentProvider 3p
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.trustagent.GoogleTrustAgentTrustStatusMonitorSetting 3a
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.wallet.setupwizard.PaymentsSetupWizardActivity 3a
com.google.android.gms/com.google.android.gms.wallet.im.SetupWizardImRootActivity 3a
com.google.android.gsf/com.google.android.gsf.checkin.CheckinService 3s
com.google.android.gsf/com.google.android.gsf.checkin.CheckinService$Receiver 3r
com.google.android.gsf/com.google.android.gsf.checkin.CheckinService$TriggerReceiver 3r
com.google.android.gsf/com.google.android.gsf.checkin.CheckinService$SecretCodeReceiver 3r
com.google.android.gsf/com.google.android.gsf.checkin.EventLogService 3s
com.google.android.gsf/com.google.android.gsf.checkin.EventLogService$Receiver 3r
com.google.android.gsf/com.google.android.gsf.update.SystemUpdateService 3s
com.google.android.gsf/com.google.android.gsf.update.SystemUpdateService$SecretCodeReceiver 3r
com.google.android.gsf/com.google.android.gsf.update.SystemUpdateService$Receiver 3r
com.google.android.gsf/com.google.android.gsf.update.SystemUpdateActivity 3a
com.google.android.gsf/com.google.android.gsf.subscribedfeeds.SubscribedFeedsSyncAdapterService 3s
com.baidu.input/com.baidu.input.ImeSkinTryActivity 3a
com.baidu.input/com.baidu.input.ImeSearchActivity 3a
com.baidu.input/com.baidu.input.ImeCropImageActivity 3a
com.baidu.input/com.baidu.input.ImeAppRecommendActivity 3a
com.baidu.input/com.baidu.sapi2.share.ShareReceiver 3r
com.baidu.input/com.baidu.input.ImeCustomSkinActivity 3a
com.baidu.input/com.baidu.input.ImeSkinRecommendActivity 3a
com.dlmetro.app/com.bwton.metro.push.BwtPushService 3s
com.android.browser/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService ss
com.zecurisoft.mhc1411/com.jobernowl.MyDownloadService 3s
com.zecurisoft.mhc1411/com.zecurisoft.mhc.billing.InAppBillingActivity 3a
com.zecurisoft.mhc1411/com.zecurisoft.mhc.billing.WebsiteBillingActivity 3a
com.zecurisoft.mhc1411/com.zecurisoft.mhc.billing.UpgradeActivity 3a
com.zecurisoft.mhc1411/com.amazon.inapp.purchasing.ResponseReceiver 3r
com.miui.systemAdSolution/com.miui.systemAdSolution.splashscreen.SplashScreenService ss
com.miui.systemAdSolution/com.miui.systemAdSolution.changeSkin.ChangeSkinService ss
com.miui.systemAdSolution/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService ss
com.miui.systemAdSolution/androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.SystemAlarmService ss
com.miui.tsmclient/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService ss
com.lbe.parallel.intl/com.lbe.parallel.ui.FeedbackActivity 3a
com.lbe.parallel.intl/com.lbe.parallel.ui.ads.exit.AppExitAdActivity 3a
com.lbe.parallel.intl/com.lbe.parallel.ui.ads.RelativeRecommendActivity 3a
com.lbe.parallel.intl/com.lbe.parallel.ui.billing.BillingActivity 3a
com.lbe.parallel.intl/com.google.android.gms.ads.AdActivity 3a
com.lbe.parallel.intl/com.facebook.ads.AudienceNetworkActivity 3a
com.lbe.parallel.intl/com.mopub.mobileads.MoPubActivity 3a
com.lbe.parallel.intl/com.mopub.mobileads.MraidActivity 3a
com.lbe.parallel.intl/com.mopub.mobileads.MraidVideoPlayerActivity 3a
com.lbe.parallel.intl/parallel.share_com.tencent.mm 3a
com.lbe.parallel.intl/parallel.share_com.facebook.katana 3a
com.lbe.parallel.intl/parallel.share_com.instagram.android 3a
com.lbe.parallel.intl/com.lbe.parallel.service.CrashReportService 3s
com.lbe.parallel.intl/com.lbe.parallel.service.ThemeApplyService 3s
com.lbe.parallel.intl/com.virgo.ads.internal.ui.GPForwardActivity 3a
com.lbe.parallel.intl/com.virgo.ads.internal.utils.AdSupporyActivity 3a
com.lbe.parallel.intl/com.mopub.mobileads.RewardedMraidActivity 3a
com.lbe.parallel.intl/com.facebook.FacebookActivity 3a
com.tencent.gamehelper.smoba/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.iqiyi.ivrcinema.cb/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.luojilab.player/io.rong.push.PushReceiver 3r
com.luojilab.player/com.luojilab.netsupport.push.platform.huawei.HWPushMsgReceiver 3r
com.luojilab.player/com.huawei.hms.support.api.push.PushEventReceiver 3r
com.luojilab.player/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.baidu.input_mi/com.baidu.sapi2.share.ShareService 3s
com.yinxiang/com.evernote.ui.LGSmartBulletinWidget 3r
com.yinxiang/com.evernote.android.collect.CollectImageUriReceiver 3r
me.ele/com.huawei.hms.update.provider.UpdateProvider 3p
me.ele/com.huawei.updatesdk.fileprovider.UpdateSdkFileProvider 3p
me.ele/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.android.vending/com.google.android.finsky.billing.setupwizard.SetupWizardPaymentsAccountChangeBroadcastReceiver 3r
com.android.vending/com.google.android.finsky.billing.setupwizard.SetupWizardPaymentsEnablementService 3s
com.android.vending/com.google.android.finsky.activities.LaunchUrlHandlerActivity 3a
com.android.vending/com.google.android.finsky.activities.DebugActivity 3a
com.android.vending/com.google.android.finsky.setupui.VpaSelectionOptionalStepActivity 3a
com.android.vending/com.google.android.finsky.wear.WearSupportService 3s
com.android.vending/com.google.android.finsky.wear.WearChangeListenerService 3s
com.android.vending/com.google.android.finsky.instantapps.dna.ArchiveDownloadBroadcastReceiver 3r
com.prohiro.macro/com.google.android.gms.ads.AdActivity 3a
com.xingin.xhs/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.xingin.xhs/com.xiaomi.push.service.receivers.PingReceiver 3r
com.viewblocker.jrsen/com.viewblocker.jrsen.QuickSettingsCompatService 3s
com.microsoft.skydrive/com.microsoft.skydrive.content.StorageAccessProvider 3p
com.miui.micloudsync/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService ss
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.booter.ClickFlowReceiver 3r
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.booter.BluetoothStateReceiver 3r
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.sandbox.monitor.CrashUploadAlarmReceiver 3r
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.booter.BluetoothReceiver 3r
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.booter.InstallReceiver 3r
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.plugin.backup.bakoldlogic.bakoldmodel.BakOldUSBReceiver 3r
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.booter.cache.CacheService 3s
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.plugin.hp.tinker.TinkerPatchResultService 3s
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.modelrecovery.RecoveryTinkerResultService 3s
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.plugin.base.model.ShortcutBroadCastReceiver 3r
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.modelstat.WatchDogPushReceiver 3r
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.plugin.auto.service.MMAutoMessageHeardReceiver 3r
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.plugin.auto.service.MMAutoMessageReplyReceiver 3r
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.sandbox.updater.AppUpdaterUI 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.sandbox.updater.AppInstallerUI 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.plugin.talkroom.model.TalkRoomReceiver 3r
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.plugin.notification.ui.FailSendMsgNotification$FailSendNormalMsgNotificationService 3s
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.plugin.notification.ui.FailSendMsgNotification$FailSendSnsMsgNotificationService 3s
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.plugin.nfc_open.ui.NfcWebViewUI 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.plugin.appbrand.task.AppBrandTaskPreloadReceiver 3r
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.plugin.appbrand.task.AppBrandTaskPreloadReceiver1 3r
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.plugin.appbrand.task.AppBrandTaskPreloadReceiver2 3r
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.plugin.appbrand.task.AppBrandTaskPreloadReceiver3 3r
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.plugin.appbrand.task.AppBrandTaskPreloadReceiver4 3r
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.plugin.multitalk.model.MultiTalkingForegroundService 3s
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.plugin.music.model.notification.MMMusicPlayerService 3s
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.plugin.voip.widget.VoipForegroundService 3s
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.plugin.wepkg.ipc.WepkgMainProcessService 3s
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.plugin.sport.model.SportForegroundService 3s
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.cache.ArtistCacheManager 3r
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.plugin.performance.elf.ElfCallUpReceiver 3r
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.ipcinvoker.wx_extension.service.ToolsMpProcessIPCService 3s
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.ipcinvoker.wx_extension.service.SupportProcessIPCService 3s
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.plugin.report.service.KVCommCrossProcessReceiver 3r
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mrs.util.MatrixReportBroadcast 3r
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.booter.MMReceivers$ConnectionReceiver 3r
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.booter.MMReceivers$AlarmReceiver 3r
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mars.comm.Alarm 3r
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.service.ProcessService$SupportProcessService 3s
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.crash.CuploaderProcessServicer 3s
com.tencent.mm/com.google.firebase.messaging.FirebaseMessagingService 3s
com.tencent.mm/com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurementReceiver 3r
com.tencent.mm/com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurementInstallReferrerReceiver 3r
com.tencent.mm/com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurementService 3s
com.tencent.mm/com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurementJobService 3s
com.tencent.mm/com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.RevocationBoundService 3s
com.tencent.mm/com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceIdReceiver 3r
com.tencent.mm/com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceIdService 3s
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.mm.splash.DexOptService 3s
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.recovery.wx.service.WXRecoveryHandleService 3s
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.recovery.wx.service.WXRecoveryUploadService 3s
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.matrix.resource.CanaryWorkerService 3s
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.matrix.resource.CanaryResultService 3s
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.lib.service.TinkerPatchService 3s
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.lib.service.TinkerPatchService$InnerService 3s
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.lib.service.DefaultTinkerResultService 3s
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.recovery.service.RecoveryReportService 3s
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.recovery.service.RecoveryUploadService 3s
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.recovery.service.RecoveryHandleService$InnerService 3s
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$STDStub_00 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$STDStub_01 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$STDStub_02 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$STDStub_03 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$STDStub_04 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$STDStub_05 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$STDStub_06 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$STDStub_07 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$STDStub_08 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$STDStub_09 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$STDStub_00_T 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$STDStub_01_T 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$STDStub_02_T 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SGTStub_00 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SGTStub_01 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SGTStub_02 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SGTStub_03 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SGTStub_04 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SGTStub_05 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SGTStub_06 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SGTStub_07 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SGTStub_08 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SGTStub_09 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SGTStub_00_T 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SGTStub_01_T 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SGTStub_02_T 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SGTKStub_00 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SGTKStub_01 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SGTKStub_02 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SGTKStub_03 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SGTKStub_04 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SGTKStub_05 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SGTKStub_06 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SGTKStub_07 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SGTKStub_08 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SGTKStub_09 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SGTKStub_00_T 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SGTKStub_01_T 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SGTKStub_02_T 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SIStub_00 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SIStub_01 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SIStub_02 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SIStub_03 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SIStub_04 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SIStub_05 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SIStub_06 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SIStub_07 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SIStub_08 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SIStub_09 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SIStub_00_T 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SIStub_01_T 3a
com.tencent.mm/com.tencent.tinker.loader.hotplug.ActivityStubs$SIStub_02_T 3a
com.xiaomi.jr/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.xiaomi.jr/com.xiaomi.jr.mipush.MiPushMessageBroadcastReceiver 3r
com.xiaomi.jr/com.xiaomi.push.service.receivers.NetworkStatusReceiver 3r
com.xiaomi.jr/com.xiaomi.push.service.receivers.PingReceiver 3r
com.umetrip.android.msky.app/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.umetrip.android.msky.app/com.umetrip.android.msky.push.NotificationService 3s
com.miui.hybrid/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService ss
com.hustzp.com.xichuangzhu/com.avos.avoscloud.AVBroadcastReceiver 3r
com.hustzp.com.xichuangzhu/com.hustzp.com.xichuangzhu.push.MyCustomReceiver 3r
com.hustzp.com.xichuangzhu/io.rong.push.PushReceiver 3r
com.android.mms/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService ss
com.android.nfc/com.android.nfc.BeamShareActivity sa
com.android.stk/com.android.stk.StkMain sa
com.mfashiongallery.emag/com.xiaomi.push.service.receivers.NetworkStatusReceiver 3r
com.mfashiongallery.emag/com.xiaomi.push.service.receivers.PingReceiver 3r
com.mfashiongallery.emag/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.mfashiongallery.emag/com.mfashiongallery.emag.push.MiFGPushReceiver 3r
com.instagram.android/com.instagram.share.common.CustomStoryShareHandlerActivity 3a
com.instagram.android/com.instagram.direct.share.handler.DirectShareHandlerActivity 3a
com.instagram.android/com.instagram.common.analytics.AnalyticsUploadAlarmReceiver 3r
com.wuba/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.wuba/com.xiaomi.push.service.receivers.PingReceiver 3r
com.wuba/com.wuba.push.PhoneStateReceiver 3r
com.wuba/com.xiaomi.push.service.receivers.NetworkStatusReceiver 3r
com.miui.player/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService ss
org.coursera.android/org.coursera.core.legacy.network.CourkitNetworkObservable 3r
com.android.provision/com.android.provision.activities.DefaultActivity sa
com.google.android.gm/com.google.android.gm.CreateShortcutActivityGoogleMail 3a
com.google.android.gm/com.android.email.service.EmailUpgradeBroadcastReceiver 3r
com.google.android.gm/com.android.email.service.AttachmentService 3s
com.google.android.gm/com.google.android.gm.widget.GoogleMailWidgetProvider 3r
ru.yandex.disk/ru.yandex.searchlib.notification.BarMarkerService 3s
ru.yandex.disk/ru.yandex.searchlib.notification.NotificationConnectivityBroadcastReceiver 3r
ru.yandex.disk/com.yandex.metrica.ConfigurationService 3s
com.android.calendar/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService ss
com.amazon.mShop.android.shopping/com.amazon.mShop.kiang.DeviceRegistrationReceiver 3r
com.amazon.mShop.android.shopping/com.amazon.identity.auth.accounts.SessionUserChangedToAccountForPackageChangedAdpater 3r
com.weico.international/com.qq.e.ads.ADActivity 3a
com.box.android/androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.SystemAlarmService 3s
com.ali.money.shield/com.taobao.accs.EventReceiver 3r
com.ali.money.shield/org.android.agoo.xiaomi.MiPushBroadcastReceiver 3r
com.google.android.youtube/com.google.android.libraries.youtube.upload.service.UploadService$BootReceiver 3r
com.google.android.youtube/com.google.android.apps.youtube.app.common.notification.GcmBroadcastReceiver 3r
com.vsco.cam/androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.SystemAlarmService 3s
com.pcloud.pcloud/androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.SystemAlarmService 3s
com.miui.powerkeeper/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService ss
com.mi.liveassistant/com.mi.milink.sdk.receiver.AlarmReceiver 3r
com.mi.liveassistant/com.mi.milink.sdk.receiver.NetworkReceiver 3r
com.mi.liveassistant/com.wali.live.receiver.NetworkReceiver 3r
com.xiaomi.vipaccount/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService ss
com.qiyi.video/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.qiyi.video/com.xiaomi.mipush.sdk.PushMessageHandler 3s
com.qiyi.video/com.xiaomi.push.service.receivers.PingReceiver 3r
com.qiyi.video/org.qiyi.android.commonphonepad.pushmessage.xiaomi.XiaoMiPushMessageReceive 3r
com.qiyi.video/org.qiyi.android.commonphonepad.pushmessage.huawei.HWPushMessageReceiver 3r
com.xiaomi.account/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService ss
com.tmri.app.main/com.baidu.android.pushservice.RegistrationReceiver 3r
cn.wq.myandroidtoolspro/cn.wq.myandroidtoolspro.PackageAddReceiver 3r
com.android.htmlviewer/com.android.settings.wifi.openwifi.OpenWifiReceiver sr
com.iflytek.speechcloud/com.iflytek.speechcloud.TtsService 3s
jp.naver.line.android/jp.naver.line.android.service.share.DirectShareChatChooserTargetService 3s
jp.naver.line.android/androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.SystemAlarmService 3s
com.miui.gallery/com.miui.gallery.cloud.MiCloudStatusInfoReceiver sr
com.miui.gallery/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService ss
com.android.quicksearchbox/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService ss
com.android.providers.downloads/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService ss
com.dianping.v1/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.dianping.v1/com.xiaomi.mipush.sdk.PushMessageHandler 3s
com.dianping.v1/com.dianping.base.push.pushservice.MiPushMessageReceiver 3r
com.dianping.v1/com.dianping.base.push.pushservice.HWPushMessageReceiver 3r
com.dianping.v1/com.huawei.android.pushagent.PushEventReceiver 3r
com.dianping.v1/com.huawei.android.pushagent.PushBootReceiver 3r
com.xiangkan.android/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.xiangkan.android/com.xiaomi.push.service.receivers.PingReceiver 3r
com.diandian.android.easylife/com.diandian.android.easylife.receiver.ActionReceiver 3r
au.com.shiftyjelly.pocketcasts/androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.SystemAlarmService 3s
au.com.shiftyjelly.pocketcasts/androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.RescheduleReceiver 3r
tunein.player/androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.SystemAlarmService 3s
org.kman.AquaMail/org.kman.AquaMail.mail.ews.contacts.EwsContactsDirectoryProvider 3p
com.paypal.android.p2pmobile/com.paypal.android.p2pmobile.instorepay.service.NfcPaymentService 3s
cmb.pb/com.baidu.speech.VoiceRecognitionService 3s
cmb.pb/com.baidu.location.f 3s
cmb.pb/com.huawei.android.pushagent.PushEventReceiver 3r
cmb.pb/com.huawei.android.pushagent.PushBootReceiver 3r
cmb.pb/com.huawei.android.pushagent.PushService 3s
cmb.pb/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
cmb.pb/com.xiaomi.mipush.sdk.PushMessageHandler 3s
cmb.pb/com.xiaomi.mipush.sdk.MessageHandleService 3s
cmb.pb/com.xiaomi.push.service.receivers.NetworkStatusReceiver 3r
cmb.pb/com.xiaomi.push.service.receivers.PingReceiver 3r
com.microsoft.office.officelens/com.microsoft.tokenshare.TokenSharingService 3s
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain/androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.SystemAlarmService 3s
com.duokan.reader/com.duokan.reader.domain.job.JobManagerService 3s
com.duokan.reader/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.duokan.reader/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMJobService 3s
com.duokan.reader/com.xiaomi.mipush.sdk.PushMessageHandler 3s
com.duokan.reader/com.xiaomi.mipush.sdk.MessageHandleService 3s
com.taobao.idlefish/com.taobao.accs.EventReceiver 3r
com.taobao.idlefish/com.xiaomi.mipush.sdk.PushMessageHandler 3s
com.taobao.idlefish/org.android.agoo.huawei.HuaWeiReceiver 3r
com.funreality.software.nativefindmyiphone.lite/com.google.android.gms.ads.AdActivity 3a
com.funreality.software.nativefindmyiphone.lite/com.facebook.ads.AudienceNetworkActivity 3a
com.funreality.software.nativefindmyiphone.lite/com.facebook.ads.internal.ipc.RemoteANActivity 3a
com.funreality.software.nativefindmyiphone.lite/com.facebook.ads.internal.ipc.AdsProcessPriorityService 3s
com.funreality.software.nativefindmyiphone.lite/com.facebook.ads.internal.ipc.AdsMessengerService 3s
com.recorder.snipback/com.google.android.gms.ads.AdActivity 3a
com.recorder.snipback/com.google.android.gms.ads.purchase.InAppPurchaseActivity 3a
yumekan.android.devcalc/com.google.android.gms.ads.AdActivity 3a
yumekan.android.devcalc/com.google.android.gms.ads.purchase.InAppPurchaseActivity 3a
cn.kuwo.player/com.alipay.sdk.app.H5PayActivity 3a
cn.kuwo.player/com.alipay.android.app.sdk.WapPayActivity 3a
cn.kuwo.player/cn.kuwo.mod.push.getui.PushGetuiService 3s
cn.kuwo.player/cn.kuwo.mod.push.getui.GetuiIntentService 3s
cn.kuwo.player/com.igexin.sdk.PushService 3s
cn.kuwo.player/com.igexin.sdk.PushReceiver 3r
cn.kuwo.player/com.igexin.sdk.PushActivity 3a
cn.kuwo.player/com.igexin.sdk.GActivity 3a
cn.kuwo.player/cn.kuwo.mod.push.PushService 3s
cn.kuwo.player/com.umeng.example.xp.ContainerActivity 3a
cn.kuwo.player/com.amap.api.location.APSService 3s
cn.kuwo.player/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
cn.kuwo.player/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMJobService 3s
cn.kuwo.player/com.xiaomi.mipush.sdk.PushMessageHandler 3s
cn.kuwo.player/com.xiaomi.mipush.sdk.MessageHandleService 3s
cn.kuwo.player/com.xiaomi.push.service.receivers.NetworkStatusReceiver 3r
cn.kuwo.player/com.xiaomi.push.service.receivers.PingReceiver 3r
cn.kuwo.player/com.tencent.ads.canvasad.AdCanvasActivity 3a
cn.kuwo.player/com.tencent.tads.splash.AdLandingPageActivity 3a
cn.kuwo.player/com.alibaba.android.bindingx.plugin.weex.WXBindingXModuleService 3s
com.jiongji.andriod.card/com.baicizhan.client.business.stats.StatInvokeReceiver 3r
com.jiongji.andriod.card/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.google.android.talk/com.google.android.apps.hangouts.phone.ShareIntentSmsOnlyActivity 3a
com.google.android.talk/com.google.android.apps.hangouts.realtimechat.GcmMessageReceiver 3s
com.google.android.talk/com.google.android.apps.hangouts.sms.MmsWapPushReceiver 3r
com.google.android.talk/com.google.android.apps.hangouts.sms.SmsReceiver 3r
com.google.android.talk/com.google.android.apps.hangouts.sms.AbortMmsWapPushReceiver 3r
com.google.android.talk/com.google.android.apps.hangouts.sms.AbortSmsReceiver 3r
com.google.android.talk/com.google.android.apps.hangouts.service.NoConfirmationSmsSendService 3s
com.google.android.talk/com.google.android.gms.gcm.GcmReceiver 3r
com.google.android.apps.ads.publisher/com.google.android.apps.ads.publisher.widget.LargeWidgetProvider 3r
com.google.android.apps.ads.publisher/com.google.android.apps.ads.publisher.widget.MediumWidgetProvider 3r
com.google.android.apps.ads.publisher/com.google.android.apps.ads.publisher.widget.SmallWidgetProvider 3r
com.android.email/com.kingsoft.email.service.ImapPushService ss
com.android.email/com.kingsoft.email.service.ImapService ss
com.android.email/com.kingsoft.email.service.Pop3Service ss
com.android.email/com.kingsoft.exchange.service.EmailSyncAdapterService ss
com.miui.voiceassist/com.xiaomi.voiceassistant.voiceTrigger.legacy.QuickSettingsService ss
com.starbucks.cn/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.starbucks.cn/androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.SystemAlarmService 3s
com.yandex.browser/com.yandex.browser.publicwifi.WifiStateMonitorReceiver 3r
com.yandex.browser/com.yandex.browser.customtab.CustomTabConnectionService 3s
com.yandex.browser/ru.yandex.searchlib.notification.NotificationConnectivityBroadcastReceiver 3r
com.yandex.browser/ru.yandex.searchlib.notification.BarMarkerService 3s
com.alensw.PicFolder/com.alensw.cloud.ShareToCloudActivity 3a
com.alensw.PicFolder/com.alensw.cloud.oauth.BasicAuthActivity 3a
com.alensw.PicFolder/com.alensw.cloud.oauth.GmsAuthActivity 3a
com.alensw.PicFolder/com.alensw.cloud.oauth.OAuthActivity 3a
com.alensw.PicFolder/com.alensw.cloud.UrlTaskActivity 3a
com.alensw.PicFolder/com.alensw.cloud.CloudConfigActivity 3a
com.alensw.PicFolder/com.alensw.transfer.TransferActivity 3a
com.alensw.PicFolder/com.alensw.cloud.sync.SyncSettings 3a
com.alensw.PicFolder/com.dropbox.client2.android.AuthActivity 3a
com.alensw.PicFolder/com.alensw.cloud.UrlTaskService 3s
com.alensw.PicFolder/com.alensw.transfer.TransferService 3s
com.alensw.PicFolder/com.alensw.cloud.sync.SyncService 3s
com.alensw.PicFolder/com.alensw.cloud.sync.ConnectionChangeReceiver 3r
one.hh.oneclient/com.igexin.sdk.PushService 3s
com.paragon.saf.usb.driver/com.paragon.tcplugins_ntfs_ro.news.NewsChecker 3r
com.kaistart.android/com.igexin.sdk.PushReceiver 3r
com.android.deskclock/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService ss
com.mrck.nomedia/com.google.android.gms.ads.AdActivity 3a
com.merxury.blocker/androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.SystemAlarmService 3s
com.baidu.netdisk/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.android.thememanager/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService ss
com.taobao.taobao/com.taobao.taobao.TaobaoIntentService 3s
com.taobao.taobao/org.android.agoo.accs.AgooService 3s
com.taobao.taobao/com.taobao.agoo.AgooCommondReceiver 3r
com.taobao.taobao/com.taobao.accs.internal.AccsJobService 3s
com.taobao.taobao/com.taobao.accs.ServiceReceiver 3r
com.taobao.taobao/com.alibaba.analytics.AnalyticsService 3s
com.taobao.taobao/com.taobao.wireless.bcportserver.PortsService 3s
com.taobao.taobao/com.taobao.wireless.bcportserver.PortServerReceiver 3r
com.taobao.taobao/com.taobao.accs.EventReceiver 3r
com.taobao.taobao/com.taobao.alivfssdk.monitor.AVFSMonitorService 3s
com.taobao.taobao/com.taobao.acds.compact.ACDSBusinessService 3s
com.taobao.taobao/com.taobao.acds.compact.AccsACDSService 3s
com.taobao.taobao/com.amap.api.location.APSService 3s
com.taobao.taobao/com.taobao.activelocation.service.aidl.TBLocationServiceImpl 3s
com.taobao.taobao/com.taobao.activelocation.report.service.ActiveReportService 3s
com.taobao.taobao/com.taobao.passivelocation.gathering.service.LocationGatheringService 3s
com.taobao.taobao/com.taobao.passivelocation.report.service.LocationReportService 3s
com.taobao.taobao/com.taobao.passivelocation.gathering.receiver.LocationChangedReceiver 3r
com.taobao.taobao/com.taobao.passivelocation.aidl.PassiveLocationServiceImpl 3s
com.taobao.taobao/anetwork.channel.aidl.NetworkService 3s
com.taobao.taobao/mtopsdk.xstate.XStateService 3s
com.taobao.taobao/com.taobao.accs.ChannelService 3s
com.taobao.taobao/com.taobao.accs.data.MsgDistributeService 3s
com.taobao.taobao/com.taobao.orange.service.OrangeApiService 3s
com.xiaomi.smarthome/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.xiaomi.smarthome/com.xiaomi.smarthome.framework.push.PushReceiver 3r
com.xiaomi.smarthome/com.xiaomi.push.service.receivers.PingReceiver 3r
com.cmbchina.ccd.pluto.cmbActivity/com.igexin.sdk.PushReceiver 3r
com.mi.vtalk/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
net.mx17.overridedns/net.mx17.overridedns.NetworkStateReceiver 3r
com.xiaomi.hm.health/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.abbyy.mobile.textgrabber.full/com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceIdService 3s
com.netease.cloudmusic/com.netease.cloudmusic.activity.MyPrivateCloudUploadActivity 3a
com.netease.cloudmusic/com.netease.cloudmusic.activity.UploadMusicActivity 3a
com.netease.cloudmusic/com.alipay.sdk.app.H5PayActivity 3a
com.netease.cloudmusic/com.alipay.sdk.auth.AuthActivity 3a
com.netease.cloudmusic/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.netease.cloudmusic/com.huawei.android.pushagent.PushEventReceiver 3r
com.netease.cloudmusic/com.huawei.android.pushagent.PushBootReceiver 3r
com.netease.cloudmusic/com.netease.cloudmusic.module.push.receiver.HuaweiPushReceiver 3r
com.rjfittime.app/com.igexin.sdk.PushReceiver 3r
com.sina.vdun/com.sina.vdun.receiver.BootReceiver 3r
com.yxkj.jysq/com.tencent.android.tpush.XGPushReceiver 3r
com.unnoo.quan/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.unnoo.quan/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMJobService 3s
com.unnoo.quan/com.xiaomi.mipush.sdk.PushMessageHandler 3s
com.unnoo.quan/com.xiaomi.mipush.sdk.MessageHandleService 3s
com.microsoft.todos/com.microsoft.todos.sync.AlarmSyncBootReceiver 3r
me.weishu.exp/me.weishu.exp.ui.InstallerActivity 3a
com.sovworks.eds.android/com.sovworks.eds.android.providers.ContainersDocumentProvider 3p
com.greenpoint.android.mc10086.activity/com.leadeon.cmcc.core.plugin.PluginsUpdateService 3s
com.greenpoint.android.mc10086.activity/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.greenpoint.android.mc10086.activity/com.taobao.accs.data.MsgDistributeService 3s
com.greenpoint.android.mc10086.activity/com.umeng.message.UmengIntentService 3s
com.kiwi.android.whiteandroid/com.avos.avoscloud.AVBroadcastReceiver 3r
com.kiwi.android.whiteandroid/com.kiwi.android.whiteandroid.receiver.MyCustomReceiver 3r
com.achievo.vipshop/com.tencent.qalsdk.core.NetConnInfoCenter 3r
com.gotokeep.keep/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.gotokeep.keep/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMJobService 3s
com.gotokeep.keep/com.xiaomi.mipush.sdk.PushMessageHandler 3s
com.gotokeep.keep/com.xiaomi.mipush.sdk.MessageHandleService 3s
com.gotokeep.keep/com.xiaomi.push.service.receivers.PingReceiver 3r
com.gotokeep.keep/com.tencent.android.tpush.XGPushReceiver 3r
com.miui.nextpay/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService ss
com.miui.video/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService ss
com.wandoujia.phoenix2/com.alv.foun.service.PhoenixService 3s
com.wandoujia.phoenix2/com.alv.foun.PhoenixBroadcastReceiver 3r
com.wandoujia.phoenix2/com.pp.assistant.activity.SpaceActivity 3a
com.wandoujia.phoenix2/com.taobao.accs.EventReceiver 3r
com.topjohnwu.magisk/androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.SystemAlarmService 3s
com.xiaomi.midrop/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.android.managedprovisioning/com.android.managedprovisioning.preprovisioning.PostEncryptionActivity sa
com.alibaba.wireless/com.taobao.accs.EventReceiver 3r
com.alibaba.wireless/org.android.agoo.xiaomi.MiPushBroadcastReceiver 3r
com.alibaba.wireless/org.android.agoo.huawei.HuaWeiReceiver 3r
com.netease.snailread/com.netease.component.wakeup.WakeUpCallBack 3s
com.netease.snailread/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.aio.downloader/com.mopub.mobileads.MoPubActivity 3a
com.aio.downloader/com.mopub.mobileads.MraidActivity 3a
com.aio.downloader/com.mopub.mobileads.MraidVideoPlayerActivity 3a
com.aio.downloader/com.aio.downloader.activityformusic.GeDanAlbumSongsActivity 3a
com.aio.downloader/com.aio.downloader.activityformusic.GeDanPlayListActivity 3a
com.aio.downloader/com.aio.downloader.activityformusic.BangDanListActivity 3a
com.aio.downloader/com.google.android.gms.ads.AdActivity 3a
com.aio.downloader/com.mamba.function.windowmanager.CopyYoutubeUrlDownloadActivity 3a
com.aio.downloader/com.mamba.function.mediamonitor.HaveNewMusicActivity 3a
com.aio.downloader/com.aio.downloader.viedowbb.DownloadMoviesActivity 3a
com.aio.downloader/com.aio.downloader.viedowbb.VideoPlayActivity 3a
com.aio.downloader/com.aio.downloader.localplay.musicplay.music.MusicService 3s
com.aio.downloader/com.aio.downloader.localplay.musicplay.activity.LockScreenActivity 3a
com.aio.downloader/com.aio.downloader.localplay.musicplay.LockScreenService 3s
com.aio.downloader/com.aio.downloader.lockscreen.ChargeLockScreenActivity 3a
com.aio.downloader/com.duapps.ad.stats.DuAdCacheProvider 3p
com.aio.downloader/com.duapps.ad.base.PackageAddReceiver 3r
com.aio.downloader/com.duapps.ad.InterstitialAdActivity 3a
com.aio.downloader/com.duapps.ad.offerwall.ui.OfferWallAct 3a
com.aio.downloader/com.duapps.ad.video.VideoFullScreenActivity 3a
com.aio.downloader/com.duapps.ad.video.NetworkStateReceiver 3r
org.tasks/androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.SystemAlarmService 3s
com.miui.touchassistant/com.miui.touchassistant.receiver.BootReceiver sr
com.ximalaya.ting.android/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.ximalaya.ting.android/com.xiaomi.push.service.receivers.NetworkStatusReceiver 3r
com.ximalaya.ting.android/com.xiaomi.push.service.receivers.PingReceiver 3r
com.wali.live/com.wali.live.tpl.TplMiPushMessageReceiver 3r
com.wali.live/com.mi.milink.sdk.receiver.AlarmReceiver 3r
com.wali.live/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.wali.live/com.xiaomi.push.service.receivers.PingReceiver 3r
com.catchingnow.icebox/com.catchingnow.icebox.activity.mainActivity.MainAppActivity 3a
com.bankcomm.maidanba/com.huawei.hms.update.provider.UpdateProvider 3p
com.bankcomm.maidanba/com.igexin.download.DownloadProvider 3p
com.jd.jrapp/com.tencent.android.tpush.XGPushReceiver 3r
com.jd.jrapp/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.spdbccc.app/cn.jpush.android.service.DownloadService 3s
com.spdbccc.app/cn.jpush.android.service.PushService 3s
com.spdbccc.app/cn.jpush.android.service.DaemonService 3s
com.spdbccc.app/com.eguan.monitor.service.MonitorService 3s
com.spdbccc.app/com.gieseckedevrient.android.pushclient.HcePushService 3s
com.spdbccc.app/com.liulishuo.okdownload.OkDownloadProvider 3p
com.xda.labs/com.xda.labs.CopyTextActivity 3a
com.xda.labs/com.xda.labs.ForumLauncher 3a
org.blackmart.market/com.startapp.android.publish.ads.list3d.List3DActivity 3a
org.blackmart.market/com.google.android.gms.ads.AdActivity 3a
org.blackmart.market/com.appnext.core.AdsService 3s
org.blackmart.market/com.appnext.ads.interstitial.InterstitialActivity 3a
org.blackmart.market/com.appnext.ads.fullscreen.FullscreenActivity 3a
com.google.android.apps.youtube.kids/com.google.userfeedback.android.api.SendUserFeedbackService 3s
com.mobileuncle.toolhero/com.mobileuncle.toolhero.utils.CommonReceiver 3r
com.facebook.lite/com.facebook.lite.composer.activities.ShareIntentAlphabeticalAlias 3a
com.accuweather.paid.android/com.accuweather.app.RateAppDialog 3a
com.accuweather.paid.android/com.accuweather.app.UpgradeDialog 3a
com.accuweather.paid.android/com.accuweather.debug.DebugActivity 3a
com.accuweather.paid.android/com.accuweather.brightcove.BrightCoveFullScreenActivity 3a
com.accuweather.paid.android/com.accuweather.samsungmultiscreen.AccuSamsungTVDiscovery 3a
com.accuweather.paid.android/com.accuweather.notifications.AccuNotificationBroadcastReceiver 3r
com.accuweather.paid.android/com.accuweather.wear.DataProviderService 3s
com.accuweather.paid.android/com.accuweather.widgets.WidgetFollowMeLightProvider 3r
com.accuweather.paid.android/com.accuweather.widgets.WidgetConfigureActivityLight 3a
com.accuweather.paid.android/com.accuweather.widgets.WidgetDailyLightService 3s
com.accuweather.paid.android/com.accuweather.widgets.WidgetFollowMeDarkProvider 3r
com.accuweather.paid.android/com.accuweather.widgets.WidgetConfigureActivityDark 3a
com.accuweather.paid.android/com.accuweather.widgets.WidgetDailyDarkService 3s
com.accuweather.paid.android/com.accuweather.widgets.clockwidget.ClockWidgetProvider 3r
com.accuweather.paid.android/com.accuweather.widgets.clockwidget.ClockWidgetConfigureActivity 3a
com.accuweather.paid.android/com.accuweather.widgets.clockwidget.ClockWidgetService 3s
com.accuweather.paid.android/com.accuweather.widgets.miniwidget.MiniWidgetProvider 3r
com.accuweather.paid.android/com.accuweather.widgets.miniwidget.MiniWidgetConfigureActivity 3a
com.accuweather.paid.android/com.accuweather.widgets.miniwidget.MiniWidgetService 3s
com.accuweather.paid.android/com.fiksu.asotracking.InstallTracking 3r
com.accuweather.paid.android/com.google.android.gms.ads.AdActivity 3a
com.accuweather.paid.android/com.google.android.gms.ads.purchase.InAppPurchaseActivity 3a
com.accuweather.paid.android/com.brightcove.player.captioning.BrightcoveCaptionPropertiesActivity 3a
com.accuweather.paid.android/com.urbanairship.push.UAInstanceIDListenerService 3s
com.accuweather.paid.android/com.urbanairship.push.GcmPushReceiver 3r
com.accuweather.paid.android/com.urbanairship.push.AdmPushReceiver 3r
com.accuweather.paid.android/com.accuweather.ford.SdlLockScreen 3a
com.accuweather.paid.android/com.google.android.gms.analytics.AnalyticsReceiver 3r
com.accuweather.paid.android/com.google.android.gms.analytics.AnalyticsService 3s
com.accuweather.paid.android/com.google.android.gms.analytics.CampaignTrackingService 3s
com.microsoft.cortana/com.microsoft.mmx.core.ui.WebPageShareActivityDebug 3a
com.microsoft.cortana/com.microsoft.csi.core.broadcastReceivers.BootReceiver 3r
com.microsoft.cortana/com.microsoft.csi.core.broadcastReceivers.GlobalReceiver 3r
com.microsoft.cortana/com.microsoft.csi.core.broadcastReceivers.NetworkReceiver 3r
com.microsoft.cortana/androidx.work.impl.background.firebase.FirebaseJobService 3s
com.microsoft.cortana/androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.SystemAlarmService 3s
com.microsoft.cortana/com.microsoft.tokenshare.TokenSharingService 3s
cn.mdict/cn.mdict.services.ClipboardMonitorStarter 3r
com.yidian.xiaomi/com.yidian.news.util.fetchnews.WakeReceiver 3r
com.yidian.xiaomi/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.yidian.xiaomi/com.xiaomi.push.service.receivers.PingReceiver 3r
com.yidian.xiaomi/com.taobao.accs.EventReceiver 3r
com.ecitic.bank.mobile/com.igexin.sdk.PushService 3s
com.ecitic.bank.mobile/com.igexin.sdk.PushReceiver 3r
com.evernote/com.evernote.ui.LGSmartBulletinWidget 3r
com.evernote/com.evernote.widget.EvernoteWidgetListRemoteViewService 3s
com.evernote/com.evernote.widget.EvernoteWidgetListService 3s
com.evernote/com.evernote.android.collect.CollectImageUriReceiver 3r
com.oasisfeng.greenify.pro/com.oasisfeng.greenify.pro.PilotActivity 3a
com.linkedin.android/com.linkedin.android.growth.calendar.CalendarUploadReceiver 3r
com.linkedin.android/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService 3s
com.linkedin.android/com.linkedin.android.appwidget.ResponsiveWidget$ActiveUserListener 3r
com.android.settings/com.android.settings.CryptKeeper sa
com.android.settings/com.android.settings.Settings$DataUsageSummaryActivity sa
com.miui.weather2/com.xiaomi.push.service.XMPushService ss
